welcome all subscribers to the channel here
fan with you rude today for a super test
brought another new tank this time
this is not some kind of regular comment and this
the car that was supposed to be
pumped ninth level into new
branches of american and walls but unfortunately
developers somehow decided this tank
partially redo and make just
ten which can be received
either lbz or for g to title this
tank h3 m48 and two t-54 2t 123rd 6
probably you are wondering why
in this tank so many names on the
In fact, the answer is extremely simple American
the engineers simply decided to combine the two
tank
m48 a2 and t-54 2 from m48 we have a case
t-54 tower and at the same time new unique
dough cannon 23rd 6 is essentially the same
as on test 10-5 only in a hurry
option eventually turns out
really good combination
which is still historically confirmed
there are developers this machine did not invent
and personally, I think that our game is given
the tank would fit just gorgeous but to
Unfortunately not every tenth level
some kind of promotion as simple as
a dozen that could deflate
Well, those people who were waiting
ordinary t-54 and to which rather
total will be nine in the new branch
American st not worry
because there is still a chance that
this car will appear there after all
this is an ordinary t-54 2 and this car
really different firstly there
slightly different body in second there
still 100 five millimeter cannon and
in the third it is still another tank
who is behind the model back in 2012
although knowing the developers from him could
just give up long ago but in the end just
use his tower as
here we are now seeing so if you are all
still waiting for an alternative thread
American and Stan is not experiencing either
developers will find the new ninth
level in this thread or all the same
will force ordinary t-54 2 in
addition I will tell if the subject is interesting to you
branches alternative stts us then i will
very happy and and reveal in a separate
videos you only need to write
about it in the comments and like until
my video well now let's not
get distracted and get back to our hybrid
historical component i hope you
understood so let's go to tth
on booking as two ST-shki our tank
quite good body we have exactly
same as new m48 patton oooh
when going wait wait got very good
buff armor is in the forehead of the hull and yes I
we understand 48 pattani best example
good booking but nonetheless
at least he does not make the way
and indeed when you go and
wait for his forehead to become somehow hold on
blow but because that's not all
ends with our hybrid yet
there is a well armored tower
which has very good rational
angles of armor and 202 millimeters in
forehead all this suggests that our
new art shki can tank
the tower and much bolder than m48
patton and in addition to quite good
booking we still have a powerful
120 millimeter cannon which is essentially
exactly the same as in test 10 and 5 but with
this with better mothers if dp bad
accuracy but the most interesting thing is
movable from our tank
it is essentially the same as that of m48
patton and but at the same time
the speed is also a bit more it
certainly not the level of the Soviet st but all
Tanchiki still be quite frisky in
the result may seem that this tank is in
everyone is better than m48 patton
or m60 but unfortunately review here
slightly worse and still have some
indicators that roll there subside
so do not think what it will be
then above imba all the more tth these early
they can either get worse or better at
anyway tank is enough
interesting if it is a riddle then i
I will be very happy for him to fight well
what do you think you must write in
comments on this for today all with
you were Hamish do not forget to put
like a video subscribe to my channel
reference to which is in the description
also on the channel here's a fan
good luck to you success and see you soon